so hey guys on my phone maybe a creeper
and uh he's I'm gonna show you the
creeper
so um he's gonna give you a tour his
name's talen y a part of the group we
made fall surprise Oh Jay it's pretty
bad name but you know just go sit and
about right here we're gonna gonna get
blown up by creeper that almost blows up
his house but so yeah we're gonna show
you this if you want to join us server
just tell us in the comments that you
want to join our server will let you and
we just have a few rules and stuff
though yeah right here I'm changing a
time to zero so it'll get destroyed and
there was some error switch the audio at
first so like I'm kind of winging it now
so here's Talland yes he's this is what
he says he says we either gonna go in
through the right nut or the left nut
there's I'm wings relating to the
creepers was on ones to salon which yeah
nevermind but um
so this is where you build stuff some
near store stuff typical and uh see I'm
looking through it show you there's
nothing in it right now he just finished
this like three minutes ago and these
are the ladders it's really cool from
the outside so this is he says this is
your chill place it's where people like
Jill you know it's cool look at my house
my house is the one with the powers on
it see it right there
yeah and now we're gonna show you the
roof or no this isn't the roof this is
his bedroom yeah you yes so this is his
bedroom this is you know and the roof is
where we party bin we're working on that
right now
like putting a party stuff up there but
this is what's known as the party room
is where we come to at night oh no
me a party room but now we're building
one in the moat so we just kill
ourselves good day